You learned about a brand new type of backend application you can build with nodejs and restful API
and you learned that it's not that far off from the server side rendered node application we built before,
the only major difference is how you handle requests and response data,
you send json data. Now with that out of the way,
I want to dive into something totally different which is applicable to any node application, not just
to restful APIs.
I want to dive into the async await keywords which is a relatively new javascript language feature which
you can use again in any place in your nodejs
code, this does not have to be used in a restful API, you can or can not use it anywhere.
Now I will explain what's up with these two keywords, how you use them and why you would use them.